chore: document submodules (#1537)
hashicorp/terraform-cdk: website/docs/cdktf/concepts/modules.mdx

}
```

> #### Generating bindings for submodules
> 
> For performance reasons we don't generate bindings for submodules. To generate bindings for submodules, need to specify the module source as `terraform-aws-modules/eks/aws//modules/eks-managed-node-group`, where after the `//` is the path to the submodule in the modules repository.

Reviewer: Could we try putting this in the same section with "Generating Bindings for modules"?  I'm not sure it needs its own subsection. 

```suggestion
For performance reasons we don't automatically generate bindings for submodules. To generate bindings for submodules, specify the module source as `terraform-aws-modules/eks/aws//modules/eks-managed-node-group`, where after the `//` is the path to the submodule in the modules repository.
```

}
```

> For performance reasons we don't automatically generate bindings for submodules. To generate bindings for submodules, specify the module source as `terraform-aws-modules/eks/aws//modules/eks-managed-node-group`, where after the `//` is the path to the submodule in the modules repository.

Reviewer 2: Given the wording, it feels like a jump to go from the vpc module example above this to some completely different module. Might be better to use a related submodule (https://registry.terraform.io/modules/terraform-aws-modules/vpc/aws/latest/submodules/vpc-endpoints) or tweak the wording slightly to make it clear that this a different example.

Might also be nice to indicate that any module source format specified in https://www.terraform.io/language/modules/sources should work.

> For performance reasons we don't automatically generate bindings for submodules. To generate bindings for submodules, specify the module source as `terraform-aws-modules/vpc/aws//submodules/vpc-endpoints`, where after the `//` is the path to the submodule in the modules repository. Please visit [the terraform source specification](https://www.terraform.io/language/modules/sources) for more details.

Reviewer: I don't think we need to do a full link here because this is internal to our site! I think we can just do the path after the terraform.io part :-) 

```suggestion
For performance reasons, we don't automatically generate bindings for submodules. To generate bindings for submodules, specify the module source as `terraform-aws-modules/vpc/aws//submodules/vpc-endpoints`, where after the `//` is the path to the submodule in the modules repository. Refer to [the Terraform source specification](/language/modules/sources) for more details.
```
